Start:
    Starts with Lelouche (played as) and Suzaku as kids playing tag. You are chasing him and calling Suzaku's name trying to tag him.
    Suzaku teases you by saying, "Haha you will never catch me Hart!"
    Quickly scene fades to you running from the Organization towards your house to fake your own death
    Blows up house and has to escape unseen:
        -Part where you may have been seen but the player is unsure. The Org gets suspicion of him being alive.
        -You are timed and cannot be in line of sight of the Org officers.
    Jumps off gear city and lands in the unknown loosing all of his stuff.
    He finds a band of survivors (contains people that didn't deserve to be sent down to the slums) (people that are left for dead by the Org)
        -Survivors are the team that you will fight with to get revenge.
        -He falls in love with a girl from the group.

Flashback:
    Plays through his back-story as he tells his girlfriend about himself.
    He tells stories about his family (mom and dad).
        -His dad was a leader of an undercover rebellion organization but the main character doesn't know it.
    Story 1:
        He is a security supervisor that has to report crimes against the Org:
            -Have the player play through the main character on security at a protest.
            -He is forced to kill people at the protest by the Org.
            -A dad runs up to you with a bat. You shoot the dad before he gets to you.
            -The dad's child runs up to his dad. You pull him away. You apprehend the child.
            -You start to take the child to safety while apologizing to/reassuring him.
            -Suzaku (partner) pulls the child away from you and shoots the kid in the head. "Everyone has to die." Screen goes to black at the BANG.
            -^If too brutal, make a father die with kid screaming.
    Story 2:
        One day he is transferred to a section of the city where his family lives.
        He sees guards banging on his families door. They end up dragging out his dad yelling "Turn around, hands behind your head!"
        The mom is trying to pull the guards away from him yelling and screaming.
            You have internal thoughts like "Mom? Dad?"
        You yell at the guards to stop but they ignore you.
        They shoot the mom for trying to pull the guards off.
        You have on screen instructions to run over there. You are yelling "MOM!!"
            You try to run over but his friend/partner holds him back.
        You have the option to punch your friend to try to break free.
        Once you break free and knock him to the ground you turn around and try to run towards them but your partner grabs your leg and you fall too.
        You look up at the guards with your hand out. Your dad yells "You can kill me but you can't kill an idea!". You quietly say "dad.... mom...."
            The guards shoot his dad in the back of the head. Killing him. Main character has ultra feels.
            Later, during reports to Org his partner rats out that he is not in the right mind of the Org. (He gets promoted to investigative leader.)
        The main character finds the report that his partner left.
        The Org tries to kill him because he is not in the right mind of the Org.
        Now the story has caught up to present.

Partner Back-story:
    Girlfriend asks why his friend/partner killed the kid and held you back.
    You say you have been friends ever since you were little kids.
    You tell his back-story and the player plays it as your partner as a little kid.
	-His father is in the Org. He wants to build rank in order to change the Org from the inside.
	-Partner has been training to become just like his father.
	-One day his father brings him on a mission to investigate a potential rebel hide out.
	-The rebels knew about this investigation and planned a ambush.
	-Your dad tells you to hide and get to safety.
	-While hiding you get taken hostage. "Drop the weapons or this kid will die!"
	-The father puts his gun down but they shoot him anyway.
	-You stay calm and grab the rebels knife out of his pocket. You then stab him repeatedly. (establishes that you are cold hearted)

Partner:
    Cut to the Org investigation group. You are playing as the partner now who is the leader of the investigation group. (you look proud!)
    You are sent out to investigate Hart's father's rebel group to try to put an end to it.
        -You start by checking out the father's house. You find a clue.

Middle 1:
    Builds his way back to the top.
    Finds a way back onto the gear.
    Lets his rebel group do there thing. (need to come back at some point)
    Starts to investigate his fathers death with his girlfriend. 
    Finds clues that imply that his dad was the leader of a rebellion group.
    He gets too deep into the investigation and goes to his dads rebellion hide out.
    Hart and his girlfriend find the hide right before his partner.
    When his partner and his partners team get there, they see you and your girlfriend.
    You and your girlfriend get separated. You escape but cant find your girlfriend.
    This is the motivation for getting to the top.
    
Middle 2:
    You meet up with your friends from the slums for help in finding your girlfriend.
    Needs to find the girlfriend. Discovers more about Org.

Middle 3:
    Finds his girlfriend and saves her
    Your partner is the one holding her hostage. You shoot your partner and save the girl.
    When you save her you breathe in bad air and poison gas (leads to "death" at end)
        -Girlfriend held in gas chamber? He gives one of them his mask and he breaths in poison gas.
    Head of the Org gets away
    You shut the door to the gas chamber on your partner. He gets gased and "dies". (may come back in next game as enemy)
    You need to find your way back into the org again to find the leader for revenge.

End:
    He makes his way to the leader as his health is getting worse and worse.
    He has a final fight with the leader and he kills the leader.
    Main character is on the ground and looking up at the sky as the camera is panning out slowly.
    He shuts his eyes and the screen goes black. Roll credits.

After Credits:
    Player hears ambulance sirens.
    This implies that he doesn't die.

Next Game: ????? DO WE EVEN ?????
    He needs medication because his sickness.
    He finds out that the leader he killed wasn't the leader.
    There was never was a leader. Its was just a concept with a following.
    DUHN DUHN DUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!! MIND = BLOWN!